---
title: "Galaxy S24 series leverages Galaxy AI"
postSlug: Galaxy S24 series leverages Galaxy AI
pubDatetime: 2023-01-18T12:57:01.000Z
author: 'AI Hunter'
tags:
  - AiChatFree
description: 'The new Samsung Galaxy S24 series leverages Galaxy AI, which is powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 by Qualcomm, to offer enhanced AI features.'
---

Thank you once more for reading AI Hunter. Let’s learn how to leverage AI to boost your productivity and accelerate your career. 



# AI Hunter Headline:

[AI features on the Galaxy S24 are powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy, but not everywhere](https://www.androidcentral.com/phones/samsung-galaxy-s24-snapdragon-8-gen-3-for-galaxy)

Summary: The new Samsung Galaxy S24 series leverages Galaxy AI, which is powered by Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 by Qualcomm, to offer enhanced AI features. 

This innovation has allowed Samsung to transform their S24 series into advanced AI smartphones. Notably, the AI is capable of speedy transcription of recordings, smart photo editing suggestions, complex image manipulation, and automatic summary creation for notes, among other things. 

The Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip, which is quite similar to the existing Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 platform, features one prime core, five performance cores, two efficiency cores, and a 3.3 GHz CPU clock speed. 

While the base Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 and the Galaxy version share the same core configuration, the clock speeds could differ. 

Importantly, the Galaxy S24 Ultra uses Snapdragon's new chip in all markets, but the S24 and S24 Plus are powered by Samsung's Exynos chips in certain regions.

# AI Hunter Tech

[AlphaGeometry: An Olympiad-level AI system for geometry](https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/alphageometry-an-olympiad-level-ai-system-for-geometry/)

Summary: The article discusses AlphaGeometry, an AI system developed by Google's DeepMind, which solves complex geometry problems at a level nearing that of a human Olympiad gold-medalist. In a set of 30 Olympiad geometry problems, AlphaGeometry was able to solve 25 within the standard Olympiad time limit, surpassing the previous state-of-the-art system that solved 10. 

AlphaGeometry combines the predictive power of a neural language model with the rule-based functionality of a deduction engine. The innovative system is trained using a vast pool of synthetic training data, comprised of 100 million unique examples, allowing it to reason logically, discover, and verify new knowledge.

AlphaGeometry uses a neuro-symbolic approach, a system made of a neural language model and a symbolic deduction engine which work together to deduce proofs for complex geometry theorems, offering both fast, "intuitive" ideas and more deliberate, rational decisions. It uses classical geometry rules with angles and similar triangles, just as students do, but it can solve geometry problems at a level nearing that of a human gold medalist at an Olympiad. 

In addition to setting the stage for deeper mathematical reasoning, AlphaGeometry's achievements are hoped to contribute to more advanced and general AI systems.

# AI Hunter Tools


[Vose.ai](https://vose.ai/) is an AI gallery that brings your dream images to life!


[Xers.AI](https://xers.ai/) can quickly grow your X following by create 10k views tweets.



Do you want to become a Subscriber of [Aichatfree](https://www.aichatfree.info/)?

Enjoy free access to our platform with all features.

